A moving background tile. Moves when its ID gets activated. Set the target pos to your desired position
A moving tile. Moves when its ID gets activated. Set the target pos to your desired position
A point for the camera to move to after finishing the level
Activate once
Activation zone
AI Ally follow
AI no-no zone
AIs try to stay out of it. Make sure it extends a bit over the edge
An enemy. If Move Idle is 0, they won't move when not fighting. If Crate Damage is 0, they won't take damage from falling crates. Set team to goodguys to make them an ally
Background element. Has collision
Background grass, but snowy. Randomly varies when level is loaded
Background grass. Randomly varies when level is loaded
Background info screen. Set the team to your desired text
Basic colored lamp. Change the team to a name or HEX color value. Don't overdo them
Basic explosive barrel
Basic lamp. Don't overdo them
Basic, scalable background. Only editable in background edit mode
Basic, scalable walkable ground
Camera Finish Point
Changes the fog intensity (0-1) when activated
Changes the rain intensity (0-1) when activated
Changes the snow intensity (0-1) when activated
Changes the world gravity when activated. Default is -25. Sideways gravity works too.
Connects to other nearby ground points of the same ID to create gray, gravel ground. Make sure to put them in a close line for them to connect correctly
Crate damage
Cycle time (X)
Damages bodies, destroys most things that fall into it
Delay (X)
Destructible metal crate. Always drops a weapon, as long as someone has been killed
Destructible pallet that slides on the ground
Destructible wooden crate. Drops no weapons
Distorts the screen when the player is close to it. Distance dictates how far away from the object the camera starts getting distorted
Does a variety of things when triggered. Set the action to 3 to end the level. See the guide channel for details!!!
Door ID
Door Target Changer
End sign
Enemy Turn Around
Enemy weapon changer
Exit sign
Explosive barrel
Flies into any nearby enemies with a different team
Fog setter
Gib Head
Gravity trigger
Hello, world!
Intensity (X)
Kills any living being that touches it
Ladder left
Ladder right
Ladder. Climbmable from the left side
Ladder. Climbmable from the right side
Lets only one side through. Works with rotation
Makes all uncovered crates and such snow-covered. Use in snow levels
Makes any entities within it slowly suffocate
Moves anything lying on it. Set the speed X and Y to your desired move direction
Number (X)
One way platform
Oxygen-less zone
Paper note
Place over a friendly enemy to make them follow you
Player spawn point
Points to the level exit trigger
Push zone
Pushes any objects that enter it with the selected force
Put on an enemy to set their starting weapon. Set the team to the weapon name, set armed to 0 to make them unarmed
Put this on a Move Idle 1 enemy to make them face left
Rain setter
Resizable damaging tile
Roof vent
Safety railing
Scalable background element
Scalable liquid with configurable damage. Only editable in background mode
Scalable liquid. Only editable in background mode
Scalable, slippery ground
Scalable, walkable ground
Sends an activation signal to all objects with the selected ID when an entity with the selected team enters it. Leave the team blank for all teams
Sets the target position of all doors with the selected Target ID to the selected position
Spawn time (X)
Spawns a weapon. Set the name to your desired weapons name (case insensitive)
Spawns small crates. Set the X of the spawn time to your desired spawn cooldown
Special trigger
Spinning blade that damages anything that touches it
Steel barrel
Straight pipe
Striped Door
Target pos
Teleport zone
The players spawn point. If there is none, the player spawns at the world origin
Waits the set delay after its ID gets activated, then sends a signal to all objects with the selected Target ID
Wall button. Activates all objects with the same id. Set activate once to 1 to make it a one-time use
Wall script
Weapon chest
Weapon on spawn
When it's ID is activated, teleports any bodies inside of it to the position specified in Telepos
When its ID gets called, starts sending activation signals to the Target ID every X seconds. Stops when its ID gets called again
Acid
Action
Button
Girder
Grass
Gravity
Ice
Incinerator
Indestructible
Lamp
Locker
Position
Sawblade
Snowifier
Speed
Telepos
Tile
